---
layout: post
date: 2018-04-13 11:19
featured: /assets/images/img1.jpg
title: Another Demo blog
published: true
---

<p>Virali Modi (born 29 September 1991) is a disability rights activist from India. She spent much of her youth in the United States, but after a visit to India she entered a coma due to contracting malaria. She survived, but could no longer walk. She came second in the Miss Wheelchair India contest in 2014 and as a result gathered a large following on social media. Her efforts to make railways more accessible landed her in "100 Women (BBC)" for 2017</p>

<!--more-->

<h1>1. What is the toughest situation you faced and how you have overcome?</h1>
<p>Ans- The toughest situation I faced in my life is after I came home, I was paralyzed from the neck down, and during that time my friends and family, they really chucked me from their life. According to them, I was a burden. They really didn’t know how to hang around with me, what to say to me. In that being only 15 years old that really left me in immense depression. I tried killing myself twice. I overcame that just because of my mom and dad. My mom really pushed me and she told me that the day you start accepting yourself, the day you start loving yourself for the person you are, you start accepting your situation. That’s day when everyone else will start accepting you. But you don’t need that acceptation, you don’t need the validation. You just need to learn how to be happy with yourself, how to love yourself. And the day you start doing that you will be okay, you will be happy when you will be alone. You won’t need anyone else’s company, you won’t mind going to a restaurant and eating alone, or going to a coffee shop and having a coffee alone. Rather you will feel a sense of peace and a sense of solitude, so why not? </p>

<h1> 2. Where does your passion come from?</h1>
<p>Ans- I think being a disability rights activist and the passion for accessibility and visibility in India, when I see someone with disability and segregated or facing discrimination, that really angers me. And I think, Hey!!  We are disabling but I think my passion comes from my anger and I wanted to change things in India. And I just feel a sense of responsibility to change and bring change in India. </p> 

<h1>3. You inspire millions every day "How do you stay inspire yourself"?</h1>
 <p>Ans- Quite honestly Everyone, I mean the people who sends me messages on daily basis, people who comments my answers on Quora, comments on my pictures, or any stages, or whatever is on Facebook. The people who are getting in touch with me every single day, I think they really inspire me. Because seeing them change to be a better people in general. I think that makes me happy and that inspires me, to keep going forward and to keep smiling. And to be just positive and that’s just makes me happy.</p>

<h1>4. One best proud moment of your life?</h1>
<p>Ans- A couple of months ago, I got a message from this girl on Quora. And she was on the verge of killing herself, she was n verge of committing suicide. She messaged me and asked for some advice. As I have gone through that I really wanted to help her. I replied back and consoled her. I didn’t hear back from her for 2-3 weeks ago she messaged me and told me,  Virali, it’s because of you I didn’t give up, I read your answers, I was going through crappy time in my life. I read your answers, I went through the passages you sent me, and it’s because of you I did not give up!! I found the Will to live and to fight on. I rarely have those happy tears in my eyes. But that moment I was crying and I was telling my mom, that if I have done anything amazing in this life is saving at least one soul and that makes me very happy.</p>

<h1>5. Which person or personality do you admire the most?</h1>
<p>Ans- I am telling you, you will going to laugh at this but its Bipasha Basu. The reason why is, she has gone through lot of criticism and she got a lot of feedback from the industry she is from and from her fans as well mainly because she is a dark beauty. And in our country fairness is more prevalent and more loved. She was little bit chubby before, she is getting into fitness as well. Now she is turned around and she has become an advocate and saying love yourself. And she has pushed backed that and despite of being “Bong” telling me to love yourself. Bipasha Basu was someone who is actually faced the discrimination in life and she is actually turned around and told me to love myself. I need to accept the way I am and I need to be happy with it. Yes she is the one I really admire.</p>

<h1>6. What is one characteristic that you believe every leader should possess?</h1>
<p>Ans- I think patience is important for a leader. It is truly important for a leader to be patient. Giving an example of my life, when I started this campaign for accessible railways, it took me nearly 6 odds months to actually bring change. There were many time where I thought I should just give up, nothing positive is going to happen. Then I said I really need to be patient about this. I need to be push on, I just need to do my hard work. Stop think about the fruits I want. I just need to go for it. I was very patient and start contacting people. I started imaginating and thinking what I want, how accessibility needs to be progress in India. Thankfully, within 6 months we made our way about 5 stations in Kerala totally wheel chair accessible, A couple of days I found out that in Ernakulum, in Kerala also stations with wheelchair accessible. That turns around to me 6 stations. It’s been a fights since March, so patience and Prosperent are really important. </p>

<h1>7. What one word best sums up you and your vision?</h1>
<p>Ans- So, you guys have heard of Unicorns right? I would say a Unicorn, as they are so magical, they are so unique. I need to think myself as a Unicorn. As I feel I am quite unique. I feel like I am magical in a way that I talk to people and I can relate to them. And when it comes to my vision, again Unicorn. As my vision is tremendous. As the things I wanted to do, they are tremendous.  Since Unicorn don’t really exist, but I think I really want to accomplish. Whether it is be with accessibility or in my personal life, or in India or in general. Sometimes, I feel that I might not will able to accomplish it because it is so dependent. But Unicorns are so unique, they are so magical. They put me in happiness, positivity. And that’s what I need to be. I need to be happy, I need to be positive, I need to have faith that I will accomplish what I surrounded to. So a Unicorn.</p>

<h1>8. How can individual keep up their motivational level?</h1>
<p>Ans- To be very honest, I think it’s weird to be really motivated, to be positive, to be happy 24/7 and 365 days. I think its abnormal, I think it’s okay to cry, it’s okay in a while, it’s okay to crib sometime, it’s okay we are kids sometime. But it’s okay!! But the thing is you need to get out of that. It’s fine. You just need to imagine the reason you are crying, the reason that you are upset with life. Or whatever it is a situation. Just tell yourself, “You know what, its fine.” Things never work out in life. And they are not going to. The things which you have planned which is not going according to your plan, and it’s okay to wet her off a path and to go through the pumpy slops and bumpy roads and go back on that path. It’s totally fine. And I think once you realize that or once you understand that life has his ups and down and you cannot be always happy, you cannot be always sad. That when I think you really have motivated and we have been inspired. We really understand the value of happiness. The true value of smile. The true value of what you have around you. The people who are around you. I think the main thing to be motivated or be happy is “it’s okay to cry” I think it’s a lovely thought. It’s because when it comes to cry, I think it makes us weak, and I think nobody makes you weaker. So be happy and keep being motivated. Keep doing things which makes you happy. It’s a best way to stay motivated. Reads books, go for party whatever. Do what makes you happy and that will keep you motivated.</p>

<h1>9. What and whom do you love best? </h1>
<p>Ans- My family is really really important to me and my mom and dad have being through my high’s and low’s and they are always supportive no matter what. I think they are the one I love the most. If the question is to picking up between your mom and dad. Would you have the worst? That really really difficult to say. Again! My family definitely. My passion is something which drives me. They need me to promote accessibility, to promote awareness, and that things come close except that my mom and dad. </p>

<h1>10. One message to your all followers which you want to give?</h1>
<p>Ans- So, have you guys seen the movie Finding Nemo? And if you haven’t? Then you need to go and watch it. Mainly because there are two fish, Dory the blue fish and Nemo the clown fish. Now, Dory keeps telling Nemo that when life gets tough what will you do? Just keep swimming… just keep swimming…. Swimming.. Swimming. Swimming, swimming.. And I think that’s my message. When life gets tough. Just go on with it, just go on with the flow. Not necessary go with the flow. But go on with the life. And when you need to fight back, fight back. Fight against the current. Swim against the current. My message is you Can’t Give Up.    NEVER GIVE UP. The only thing you can do is keep fighting. Keep being positive. Keep being happy and like Dory said keep swimming. And have a jolly good time.</p>


